#  ======    About#GenVar---##Description:Stuff to find variations on a sequence of bases---##Goals:###Completed:* README.md* .gitignore* saving and loading stack script from text file###Short Term Plans:* Create short term plans###Long Term Plans:* Create long term plansGenvarCopyright (c) Mike Roam, 2002-2014, all rights reserved.Original help from Elan Guterman, Aaron Pellman-Isaacs, Aaron Martin.Subsequent help from Louis H., Gavin Y.#  ======    Hist* 2014 oct : writing tests for "makeAllVariations". These help notes get exported to README.md file.* 2014 oct : GLM made stack script import/export so that the stack script itself can live as separate plain text. This makes our github action more fun rather than pushing and pulling binary files. Livecode saves the stack script to external file every time we save this project. * created in 2002#  ======    Issues#  ======    Plans* build a precise language to describe a strand's evolutionary history, e.g.  base 3 switched from a to t, then base 4 ("c") was lost, etc.* What about strands breaking at a place or two or more and then re-gluing together wrong? How do we count these? Simulate these. These are like moves!!* [] makeVariations has an unspecified second argument that will tell how many changes are allowed. Needs to be coded, and tested.* []We should make a function that tells us whether there are duplicates in a list, and can remove them.* [] These help notes get imported from README.md file.* [] Compares current stack script (internal) to our nearby external (possibly revised) script and asks about importing differences.* [] Improve (Fix!) the testBases so that it knows its own answers, instead of assuming the person will check the answers.#  ======    NotesDouble Strand breaks are rare.A damaged base might get repaired to be not what it used to be, hence the prevalence of C<->G and A<->T mutations (ten times more frequent than (CorG)<->(AorT).During replication errors can happen.How are we planning deal with repetitive "amplification" (similar sequence gets inserted repeatedly).How are we going to decide which spare strands are around for odd insertions?Aren't insertion of multiple-base-pair strand as easy mechanically as insertion of single-base-pair?How are we going to define significant "words" to look for?#  ======    Help